add type caveat for contexts (#3557)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/enriching-events/context.mdx

<PlatformContent includePath="set-context" />

> You cannot use `type` as a key in contexts that you add.
> 
> Learn more about conventions for common contexts in the [contexts interface developer documentation](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/event-payloads/contexts/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although there are no restrictions for naming contexts or their fields, keep in mind the key `type` has a default value set in each context. Learn more about the default values and conventions for common contexts in the [contexts interface developer documentation](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/event-payloads/contexts/).
```

> Learn more about conventions for common contexts in the [contexts interface developer documentation](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/event-payloads/contexts/).

Author: @rhcarvalho Does what I wrote or what @iker-barriocanal  suggested work?
